Birds of Prey
BirdsOfPrey.jpg
Action
Cathy Yan
109
5/2/2020
Birds of Prey will continue the events of Suicide Squad, when Harley Quinn doesn't depend on Joker anymore. In the middle of a chaotic Gotham city after the disappearance of the dark-haired Gotham hero, Cassandra Cain finds a diamond that belongs to the evil Black Mask and is captured by this guy. Meanwhile, Harley Quinn has gathered the heroines to set out to rescue Cassandra.
Parasite
Parasite.jpg
Thriller
Bong Joon Ho
131
30/5/2019
Parasites is a film set around a poor family. This family lives in a shabby apartment in the basement of a rental housing area. Until one day, the son was introduced as an English tutor to the daughter of a wealthy family. Overwhelmed by the owner's property, he planned to bring his whole family into the rich house, starting a "parasitic" life.
Toy Story 4
ToyStory4.jpg
Animation
Josh Cooley
100
20/6/2019
Toy Story 4 is an exciting return of familiar toys like Woody, Buzz Lightyear, Jessie ... and two new characters will appear in Toy Story4: Ducky and Bunny!
Knives Out
KnivesOut.jpg
Detective
Rian Johnson
131
27/11/2019
On the occasion of his 85th birthday, the famous detective novel Harlan Thombrey organized a party with a large number of family members. However, Mr. Harlan died suddenly that day. Detective Benoit Blanc was sent to investigate the case and all family members became suspects. So in this house, who is the culprit?
Venom
Venom.jpg
Action
Ruben Fleischer
112
2/10/2018
The reporter Eddie Brock secretly tracked the evil plot of an organization and was unlucky to be infected with alien symbiosis and has since no longer owned himself physically and mentally. This has turned him into the most dangerous monster against Spider Man.
A Cinderella Story
ACinderellaStory.jpg
Comedy, Drama, Romance
Mark Rosman
95
Jul 16, 2004
Cute but geeky high-school student Samantha Martin is knocked off her feet by her father's untimely death, which leaves his diner and Samantha's well-being in the care of Fiona, Sam's thoroughly wicked stepmother. Not one to take on such menial tasks as dishwashing and mopping floors, Fiona exploits Sam's dependence as a method of hoisting any dirty work off her own shoulders. School is hardly a break for Samantha, particularly when Shelby is around; spoiled, wealthy, and popular, Shelby treats Samantha nearly as badly as Fiona does. Samantha's life is irrevocably changed, however, by two events: a makeover of epic proportions and a sudden electronic correspondence with a mysterious young man. Due to a misplaced cell phone and a series of fateful coincidences, Samantha and her Prince Charming develop a romance through text messages and e-mails, and ultimately promise to meet face-to-face at the biggest school dance of the year. Of course, getting there doesn'tgo smoothly, and Samantha may miss her chance to meet her dream date - none other than Austin, the most popular boy in school - Tracie Cooper.
The Room
TheRoom.jpg
Fantasy
Christian Volckman
100
12/9/2019
After moving to a mansion in a deserted area, the couple Kate and Matt found a secret room capable of fulfilling all the wishes: expensive clothes, art paintings by artist Van Gosh or money, ... One day, Kate wishes to have a baby and from there they face unpredictable consequences from that wish.
Escape Room
EscapeRoom.jpg
Action, Fantasy
Adam Robitel
99
3/1/2019
Chamber of Death brings 6 players to the rooms with those toughest questions that the player's defeat will be exchanged for life, the players become the white mouse in a cage entertained for the sick.
Lady Bird
LadyBird.jpg
Comedy
Greta Gerwig
94
23/2/2018
Lady Bird is set in 2002 in Sacramento, about a girl named Christine McPherson (Saoirse Ronan) who likes to call herself Lady Bird. She wants to break away from her relationship with her mother (Metcalfe) to go to school in New York, and face the difficulties before going to college.
Bird Box
BirdBox.jpg
Action, Fantasy, Horror
Susanne Bier
124
21/12/2018
Malorie (Sandra Bullock) must do everything to keep the two safe in the middle of the war in the dark. Not only did she have to fight invisible monsters, she also had to fight with herself when just one glance could lose the light forever.
Hollow Man
HollowMan.jpg
Science fiction, Action
Paul Verhoeven
112
4/8/2000
In a secret laboratory, after years of researching a group of excellent young scientists has found a way to make people invisible. The team leader, Sebastian Caine, left all dangers to experiment on his own body. While his colleagues were trying to find an antidote, Sebastian believed that his colleagues were a threat to this invisible existence and that Sebastian had started killing the people of the research team.
Ford v Ferrari
FordvFerrari.jpg
Biography, Action
James Mangold
152
15/11/2019
Set in the 1966 Le Mans racetrack, Ford v Ferrari tells the fierce competition between the two leading car manufacturers in the world. Before Ferrari's dominance, Ford decided to recruit a team of engineers led by legendary Carroll Shelby, along with the outstanding driver Ken Miles to create a revolutionary racing car to defeat Ferrari. Starring Christian Bale and Matt Damon, the film is directed by James Mangold.
The Raid Redemption
TheRaidRedemption.jpg
Crime, Action
Gareth Evans
101
21/1/2011
In Jakarta, Indonesia, the Lieutenant Wahyu organization launched an attack on a building that was home to Tama and his gang. The SWAT team was trapped on the seventh floor, knowing that Lieutenant Wahyu did not inform his superior about this operation. Therefore, police officers must fight with limited ammunition against an armed and extremely dangerous criminal gang.
The Invisible Man
TheInvisibleMan.jpg
Horror
Leigh Whannell
120
6/3/2020
The Invisible Man revolves around Cecilia Kass - a girl trapped in a violent and controlled relationship with a talented and rich scientist Adrian Griffin.
Suicide Squad
SuicideSquad.jpg
Action
David Ayer
135
5/8/2016
Suicide Squad revolves around a group of evil people named Suicide Squad. This is a mercenary organization composed of Batman's enemies, gathered by the government to specialize in top secret missions. The most curious thing to the public about Suicide Squad is probably the Joker character.
Killer Toon
KillerToon.jpg
Crime, Horror
Kim Yong Kyoon
104
27/6/2013
The film tells the story of inspector Lee Ki-Cheol must investigate the cruel murders in succession, with the method of execution coinciding with the content of an online comic drawn by artist Ji-Yoon. . This is a movie that will make viewers regroup and shudder from the beginning until the terrifying secrets are uncovered.
Dolittle
Dolittle.jpg
Comedy, Fantasy
Stephen Gaghan
105
2/1/2020
A famous doctor discovered he was able to talk to animals. How will this ability help you in your life? anxious gorillas, enthusiastic but goofy ducks, cynical or arguing ostrich couples with upbeat polar bears and a leading parrot will be shown by famous actors Rami Malek, Emma Thompson and Tom Holland star? The new version of the famous Doctor Dolittle will be played by actor Robert Downey Jr. undertake.
Cat a Wabb
CataWabb.jpg
Comedy, Romance
Arak Amornsupasiri
114
20/3/2015
Mayo is a young girl who was recruited to work in an advertising agency as an intern. Her boss is Mo, a handsome, famous guy who runs flowers all over the company. Mayo herself after meeting Mo also had an impression on him, even she had feelings for him. However, the romance of two people probably would not have happened without the appearance of a special character: Johnny Cat
Bad Genius
BadGenius.jpg
Comedy, Crime
Nattawut Poonpiriya
130
15/8/2017
Bad Genius is not just exam fraud but also a "mission" to make money for a group of high school students. The leader of the mathematical genius Lynn started to "practice" to teach his classmates cheating. to earn money. The story begins when Lynn "help" for 5 rich children in the school for 3,000 baht a subject. Unfortunately, the mission failed, and the genius was arrested. What will happen to a genius once the plan is overturned, the exam room tricks will be exposed, never had the exam become so thrilling and suspense.
Inception
Inception.jpg
Action, Science Fiction
Christopher Nolan
148
25/3/2010
Dom Cobb is not a trivial thief, he is a master of stealing, can penetrate into the unconscious realms of any person to steal his secrets. Wanting to do this, he entered his dreams. But Cobb was tired of the crimes committed by corporations. He wanted to return to normal life like everyone else. So he had to do one last job for Saito, a billionaire who could help Cobb return to America. But instead of stealing information, Saito wanted to implant an idea into the minds of competitors. Once you have that idea, this opponent has only one way to go bankrupt.
Mr. Nobody
MrNobody.jpg
Science Fiction, Drama
Jaco Van Dormael
141
6/11/2009
Nemo Nobody lived a normal life with his wife, Elise, and three children, until one day, he woke up in the body of an old man in the world in 2092. At the age of 120, he became one of the two oldest men in the world and the last witness of a human being as they prepare to enter the new century, where death does not exist. But that doesn't seem to be his biggest concern. The only questions he was concerned about at the moment were whether he could have a life that was right for him, to love the woman he loved, to look after the children he had ... The purpose of He is to find the right answer.
Hunter Killer
HunterKiller.jpg
Crime, Action
Donovan Marsh
122
19/10/2018
"Hunter Killer" revolves around Joe Glass (Gerard Butler) - an American submarine captain, discovered a military coup plot and kidnapped the Russian president, was excited by a treacherous general Sergi Àndropoyov (Michael Nyqvist). Why did Sergi Àndropoyov kidnap the President? Will Joe Class and his defenders save the President and prevent World War 3?
The Lion King
TheLionKing.jpg
Animation
Jon Favreau
118
12/7/2019
The film The Lion King, directed by Jon Favreau, will bring the audience to the vast African savanna where the future king Simba was born. Although the successor to the throne, Simba must confront the intrigue of Scar, the uncle who always attempts to take the throne. The battle on Pride Rock became more intense than ever and culminated in the exile of Simba the lion who was exiled from his homeland. With the help of two new friends Timon and Pumbaa, Simba gradually learns how to mature and returns to regain what was originally his.
Orphan
Orphan.jpg
Thriller, Horror
Jaume Collet Serra
123
15/1/2009
Kate and John decided to adopt a child. At the local orphanage, John and Kate feel they are strangely attract to Esther. However, as soon as they welcomed Esther home, a series of strange events happened, causing Kate to believe that there was something wrong with Esther, that she was not as simple as what she showed. Worried about the safety of the family, Kate tried to convince John and others to find out the true face of Esther. But no one heeded her warnings until it was too late.
Miracle In Cell No.7
MiracleInCellNo7.jpg
Drama, Romance, Comedy
Lee Hwan Kyung
127
24/1/2013
"Miracle In Cell No. 7" is a family drama about the character Yong Goo who is unjustly sentenced to death for murder. His last dream is to see his daughter Ye Seung. However, the prison where he was being held never allowed his family members to visit. Therefore, the people in the same cell were planning to have their father and son meet again.
Shutter Island
ShutterIsland.jpg
Fantasy, Horror
Martin Scorsese
138
2/4/2010
In 1954, Teddy Daniels and Chuck Aule were tasked with investigating the disappearance of a woman who killed three children, Rachel Solando - patient of the Ashecliffe mental hospital on Shutter Island - Boston.
The Platform
ThePlatform.jpg
Fantasy, Horror
Galder Gaztelu-Urrutia
94
8/11/2019
When the greedy upstairs prisoners ate all the good food, those downstairs had only a little leftover soup. So what to do to get enough food for everyone? He will take action.
12 Feet Deep
12FeetDeep.jpg
Thriller
Matt Eskandari
85
19/6/2017
This is a true story of the sisters Clara and Bree who are swimmers, they often go to the city pool to practice. But at one time in the pool, they were locked under the pool glass because of the carelessness of the manager. Unable to call for help because the pool was closed, the two sisters struggled with the cold to survive the night below a depth of 12 feet. But unexpectedly, when McGradey appeared, with jealousy and envy, she poured more water into the lake to engulf both sisters in the pool, facing the near death, Clara and Bree. must try to gain his life in danger.
Onward
Onward.jpg
Adventure, Fantasy, Comedy
Dan Scanlon
102
4/3/2020
Onward tells a very interesting adventure to find the magic left over in the world of the two goblins Ian and Barley. Orphaned at a young age, the two teenagers always wish to meet their late father and believe that magic is the key to fulfilling their wishes.
May Who
MayWho.jpg
Comedy, Romance
Chayanop Boonprakob
118
1/10/2015
"May Who" is about a high school girl named May Who. May is able to generate electricity whenever the heart rate exceeds 120 beats / minute. Therefore, she always kept her distance from Fame - a hot boy in the school that she secretly loved. Unfortunately, May's secret was discovered by Pong. Join the "Invisible" society like May, Pong only dare to express his love for hot girl Ming in his diary. Not wanting to be revealed by Pong, May was forced to help this student get to know Ming. At the same time, Pong also helped May get to Fame. And everything goes from here.
Lolita
Lolita.jpg
Romance
Adrian Lyne
137
14/1/1998
Lolita 1998 was adapted from the novel of the same name by writer Vladimir Nabokov, telling about the extraordinary and extraordinary love of Professor Humbert for his wife's stepdaughter, Dolores Haze, also known as Lolita. However, from a different perspective, many viewers commented that Lolita reflected the "pedophile" phenomenon, the sexual obsession of a middle-aged man for a younger girl.
Bad Boys For Life
BadBoysForLife.jpg
Action, Crime, Comedy
Bilall Fallah, Adil El Arbi
123
16/1/2020
After part 2, the popular action comedy series Bad Boys has officially returned to audiences around the world. Still retain the "legendary couple" Will Smith and Martin Lawrence, however, Bad Boys For Life will take the audience on a brand new journey that we did not expect.
Little Women
LittleWomen.jpg
Drama, Romance
Greta Gerwig
135
24/12/2019
Little Women is considered a "fascinating nostalgic work"; The "gold standard" for all generations of women throughout the United States - who always keep in mind the memories of a time full of regret and inspiration.
Doctor Sleep
DoctorSleep.jpg
Horror, Fantasy
Mike Flanagan
152
30/10/2019
Doctor Sleep is set many years after The Shining (1980), when the boy Danny has now grown up but constantly immersed in wine, endless rage and confronted with ghosts in the past. Deciding to remake his life, Danny moved to New Hampshire. Meanwhile, Danny gradually discovered he has a strong supernatural ability and can connect with 12-year-old girl named Abra Stone. From there, Danny and Abra unite together to fight Rose the Hat and his minions - The True Knot - who specialize in chasing people with special powers like Danny and Abra for an immortal life.
Jumanji: The Next Level
JumanjiTheNextLevel.jpg
Adventure, Action, Fantasy
Jake Kasdan
123
4/12/2019
The funny tweets, unexpected situations true game quality. How to open up the issue is appealing and satisfying to the viewers. Whether friendship, teamwork or love, everything is handled great in Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle. In particular, the two couples "fluffy chicken" are very cute with the "romantic" kissing scene. Jumanji is a comedy action film but not just a fight or a joke, Jumanji also contains deep meaning and full of humanity.
The Negotiation
TheNegotiation.jpg
Crime, Action
Lee Jong Suk
114
19/9/2018
Ha Chae-youn is the best police officer of the Crisis Negotiation team, she always keeps a cool head in any situation. However, she is in a great shock when a kidnapping has ended in tragedy, she witnessed the kidnappers and hostages were killed right before her eyes. Just 10 days later, Min Tae-gu, a notorious arms dealer who is wanted by the police, kidnaps a reporter and a Korean police officer and appoints Chae-youn as a negotiator. Unprecedented dangerous situations make Chae-youn unable to back down, and the horrifying truth behind is gradually revealed.
Gone Girl
GoneGirl.jpg
Detective, Thriller
David Fincher
149
3/10/2014
"People still say that love is unconditional. But if love has no limits, distance, why do people still strive for love?" On the 5th anniversary of their marriage, young wife Amy Dunne suddenly disappeared. A large-scale search was conducted; No trace was detected. In the meantime, all doubts turned to Amy's husband, Nick Dunne. A series of questions arises: Where is Amy? Are you still alive or dead? Did Nick kill Amy?
Mourning Grave
MourningGrave.jpg
Horror
In Chun Oh
90
2/7/2014
In Su has the special power to see ghosts but has become a loner since he left his homeland, after seeing the soul of a deceased childhood friend. Tired of feeling lonely, In-su returns to his hometown to live. A day later, In Su met a female ghost, who had lost his memory. He gradually opened his heart and became friends with the female ghost. At the same time, many students mysteriously disappeared and when the story of a ghost with a strange bloody mask spread to the whole school. And In Su gradually realizes the terrible truth behind the relationship between the witch and the ghost with the mask that even the girl was afraid of before.
No Mercy
NoMercy.jpg
Crime, Action
Lim Kyeong Taek
94
1/1/2019
After her parents passed away, In-Ae and her younger sister Eun Hye live on each other. Suddenly one day, Eun Hye disappeared. In the journey to find her sister, In-Ae discovers the terrifying secrets that Eun Hye has suffered over the past time. She is determined to track down and make them responsible for her brother's disappearance.
Unfriended 2: Dark Web 
Unfriended2DarkWeb.jpg
Thriller
Stephen Susco
92
19/7/2018
When he found a cache of hidden files on his new laptop, he and his friends accidentally pushed into the depths of the dark web. They soon discover that someone has tracked their every move and will come to unimaginable lengths to protect the dark web.
Evil Dead
EvilDead.jpg
Horror
Fede Alvarez
91
2/3/2013
Evil Dead is a modern version of the bloody horror film Evil Dead, a remake of the same name in 1981. Evil Dead is a battle of a group of young people with the devil at a house in the deep forest, when They are camping and discover a mysterious book that led them to accidentally summon to the demons living in the nearby forest. And also from here a fight for survival begins.
Your Name
YourName.jpg
Animation, Romance
Makoto Shinkai
107
13/1/2017
The film is the story of the body swap of 2 Mitsuha - high school girls living in a small town of Itomori and Taki - male students in the vibrant Tokyo. Mitsuha is always bored with her boring life and dreams of being a handsome guy living in the capital. Meanwhile, Taki sees herself in the form of a country girl every night. Both of their dreams came true when the comet of a thousand years appeared on earth and then every day the body was exchanged for each other.
Weathering With You
WeatheringWithYou.jpg
Animation, Romance
Makoto Shinkai
114
30/8/2019
"Weathering With You" revolves around two characters: Hodaka and Hina. Hodaka is a teenager living on a small island, who left his homeland to go to bustling Tokyo. Here, he knew Hina - a strange girl with the ability to purify the sky when "praying". She has the ability to stop the rain and dispel dark clouds at will.
World War Z
WorldWarZ.jpg
Adventure, Action
Marc Forster
116
21/6/2013
The film is adapted from a novel of the same name published at the end of 2006 by writer Max Brooks, World War Z revolves around the story of Gerry Lane - a UN employee who travels everywhere to find ways to protect the world he lives in. as humans change into bloodthirsty creatures - aggressive zombies.
Wild
Wild.jpg
Adventure, Drama
Jean-Marc Vallée
115
19/12/2014
Based on the true story of novelist Cheryl Strayer. Wild is a memoir of the 1,770km walk along the Pacific Crest Trail of Cheryl Strayed when she was 22 years old after the pain of losing a mother, a broken family, and a marriage that ended. Interspersed with the harsh realities that the protagonist has to go on the path of conquering the majestic nature are fragments of memories that Strayer must face to find his own ego.
The Water Horse: Legend Of The Deep
TheWaterHorseLegendOfTheDeep.jpg
Adventure, Fantasy
Jay Russell
112
10/1/2008
The film is based on the novel by Dick King-Smith. Angus, a boy discovers an unusual egg in the Loch Ness area. When the egg hatched, a baby dinosaur appeared. Angus considered him a unique pet named Crusoe. Trouble happens when Crusoe grows too fast and attracts the attention of people around the lake.
The Call Of The Wild
TheCallOfTheWild.jpg
Adventure, Drama
Chris Sanders
100
19/2/2020
The film is based on the famous literary work of the same name by Jack London about a dog named Buck was tamed. But a series of events happened when Buck was taken off the farm to become a sled dog in the cold Alaska region, during the time when people rushed to look for gold in the 19th century, the original nature woke up the village. Power of Buck. Buck returns to the forest and lives with the wolves to return to the wild.
Call Me By Your Name
CallMeByYourName.jpg
Drama, Romance
Luca Guadagnino
132
24/11/2017
The film is adapted from the novel of the same name by writer André Aciman, set in the 80s. The content focuses on the inspirational relationship between Elio and Oliver . Oliver is an American archeological student who came to live in the Elio mansion and studied at the boy's father as a professor. Two young men were caught up in a romance between the beautiful frame of the Italian countryside.
Once Upon A Time In Hollywood
OnceUponATimeInHollywood.jpg
Comedy, Drama
Quentin Tarantino
161
24/7/2019
The film is set in Los Angeles in 1969 with two main characters, Rick Dalton - former star of a Western TV series - and his longtime stuntman Cliff Booth. When new things come and replace the outdated guys like Rick and Cliff, they are forced to fight to survive and rebuild their careers. In the end, both had to rely on her beautiful neighbor, female actress Sharon Tate.
A Dog's Journey
ADog'sJourney.jpg
Adventure, Drama
Gail Mancuso
108
3/5/2019
The film will revolve around Ethan and Hannah's old life with granddaughter CJ. Unfortunately, CJ's mother decided to take her to the city and this means that she will have to leave her grandparents. Bailey will be reborn dozens of times to be able to follow and protect his mistress CJ. Does CJ have enough sophistication to realize this is the beloved dog Bailey? Will she be able to see her grandparents again?
Rolling To You
RollingToYou.jpg
Romance, Comedy
Franck Dubosc
107
11/5/2018
Jocelyn is a successful businessman, a man who digs flowers and is also a liar. Becoming bored, he pretends to be a disabled person to seduce a fiery neighbor. Until one day she introduces him to his sister, who is really disabled.
Be With You
BeWithYou.jpg
Romance
Takuji Ichikawa, Lee Jang Hoon
132
14/3/2018
The film is the story of a woman before her death, she made an unbelievable promise to her husband that a year later, she will return on a rainy day. A year later, the woman actually appeared in front of her husband and son, but all her memories of them were gone.
Dad's Suit
Dad'sSuit.jpg
Drama
Hung Po-Hao
95
13/4/2018
The story depicts the character Kim Mau, who is over 80 years old. Despite having two children, one boy and one girl, each one lives separately and he lives alone in the Binh Khe area. Every time he wanted to find someone to talk, he had to climb up to the top of the mountain and talk about his wife's grave. The accident happened suddenly, causing Kim Mau to lose his ability to take care of himself.
Bloodshot
Bloodshot.jpg
Action, Fantasy
Dave Wilson
109
20/2/2020
Bloodshot is a veteran named Ray Garrison. Unfortunately sacrificed during the battle, he was revived by the RST Group. With millions of nanobots running through his veins, Bloodshot possesses super strength, speed, endurance and resilience. Using new skills, he hunted down the man who killed his wife. However, as the truth unfolds, Ray realizes that not everything is believable.
The Gentlemen
TheGentlemen.jpg
Action
Guy Ritchie
113
21/2/2020
The film revolves around Mickey Pearson - who is the cult tycoon of the underworld, who wants to "cede" his billion-dollar empire to retire early. However, the plan did not go smoothly as expected, the family and the entire "company" of Mickey became the target of attack by another tycoon. At the same time, Mr. Mickey also faces another danger from Fletcher - a private detective and a writer who is investigating and blackmailing Mickey.
A Rainy Day In New York
ARainyDayInNewYork.jpg
Romance, Comedy
Woody Allen
92
11/10/2019
Gatsby Welles followed his girlfriend Ashleigh Enright to Manhattan, New York on the weekend because Ashleigh won the opportunity to interview director Roland Pollard. Instead of a special and romantic trip as expected, Gatsby was constantly abandoned by his girlfriend. Gatsby wandered on the streets of New York, accidentally met actress Shannon and acted with her a romantic kiss scene and discovered many things in common between the two.
Home Alone
HomeAlone.jpg
Comedy
Chris Columbus
103
16/11/1990
Frank's family went on Christmas holiday with Kevin's family. In the morning at the airport, the whole family was late, in the chaos, little Kenvin was left alone at home without anyone knowing. Meanwhile, two bad thieves came to his house. Overcoming his initial fear, he alone with great intelligence and courage fought two thieves to protect his house.
The Addams Family
TheAddamsFamily.jpg
Animation, Comedy
Greg Tiernan, Conrad Vernon
86
10/10/2019
The Addams family life is turned upside down by the unexpected appearance at the door of a cunning reality TV host, while they are preparing to welcome close relatives to the great celebration of both family.
Parenthood
Parenthood.jpg
Comedy
Ron Howard
124
2/8/1989
The story of the film revolves around the problems of the Buckman family, starting with Gil Buckman preparing to welcome the fourth child he unwanted. Gil is a neuroscientist, has a family with 3 children, on the one hand, Gil always wants to spend more time with his children, on the other hand, he struggles with work with the fear that he cannot make enough money to support him. family and so Gil was under pressure from both sides.
Last Christmas
LastChristmas.jpg
Romance, Comedy
Paul Feig
103
7/11/2019
The two lonely characters are facing obstacles in life, and they accidentally find each other when the best moment of the year - Christmas is approaching.
The Rhythm Section
TheRhythmSection.jpg
Action, Thriller
Reed Morano
109
31/1/2020
The Rhythm Section tells the story of Stephanie Patrick, a woman who seeks to discover the truth behind a plane crash that killed her family. After she discovered that the accident was not a coincidence, she embarked on a mission to track down responsible people by assuming an assassin's identity.
Bohemian Rhapsody
BohemianRhapsody.jpg
Mucicals
Bryan Singer
134
24/10/2018
The childhood of a large audience has heard "We Will Rock You", "We Are The Champions" and known the legendary Queen band. This November, FOX is pleased to bring music fans in particular and movie audiences in general the most interesting things about this legendary band on the big screen.
Emma
Emma.jpg
Comedy, Drama
Autumn de Wilde
124
13/2/2020
The film is based on the novel by writer Jane Austen about a girl not yet 21 years old Emma. Sadly after her teacher married, Emma became disgusted with marriage and preferred to go on matchmaking. She got to know Harriet Smith, a girl who didn't know who her parents were. Emma was determined to pair Harriet and the young Pastor Elton. Will Emma succeed?
The Cabin In The Woods
TheCabinInTheWoods.jpg
Adventure, Horror
Drew Goddard
95
3/4/2012
Cabin in the wood tells the story of a group of 5 college students visiting a bungalow in a forest. But when the "victim" arrived, it became clear that. This is a plan made for children to become sacrifices.
One Missed Call
OneMissedCall.jpg
Horror
Takashi Miike
112
17/1/2004
After school, Yumi and her friends held a regular group meeting. The fun was going on when the phone of her friend Yoko rang an unusual ring. Because Yoko does not pick up, a missed call is stored in the phone. Strangely, the time this call was made again three days later. When Yoko opened the message with a missed call, she suddenly heard a scream.
My Spy
MySpy.jpg
Action, Comedy
Peter Segal
93
23/8/2019
My Spy tells about JJ's work as a bad tutor - a professional CIA agent. During an underground operation, he was discovered by Sophie - a 9-year-old girl. JJ was reluctant to accept to teach Sophie how to be a spy, otherwise she would play a lot of tricks that would blow his cover.
Up North
UpNorth.jpg
Comedy, Drama
Tope Oshin
99
28/12/2018
A spoiled young man had to fulfill a year of duty to inherit his father's fortune, but discovered a new goal when he was taken to a strange place.
Deep Blue Sea
DeepBlueSea.jpg
Action, Fantasy
Renny Harlin
105
28/7/1999
The experiment of Dr. Susan McAlester is about to stand before creating a success in medical history. In order to achieve her goal, she violated the Humanitarian Law DNA for shortfin mako. The sharks became a killing machine trying to escape from the research institute. Researchers' internal tensions with a tropical storm provide an opportunity for sharks to escape. Susan and her colleagues face horrific dangers from sharks.
The Great Gatsby
TheGreatGatsby.jpg
Drama
Baz Luhrmann
143
14/3/2013
In the middle of Long Island City in 1922, Nick Carraway was fascinated by the mysterious and luxurious lifestyle of his neighbor Jay Gatsby. Nick was sucked into the vortex of high-class life around Gatsby, but soon after, through the cracks of Gatsby's wealth, luxury, Nick Carraway felt the obsession, madness, and the marbles. Drama is waiting.
The Hunt
TheHunt.jpg
Action, Horror
Craig Zobel
90
11/3/2020
Intense and violent conflicts between the right and the left in the US political environment
Prospect
Prospect.jpg
Fantasy, Thriller
Zeek Earl, Christopher Caldwell
100
2/11/2018
The film tells the future on a strange, poisoned planet. Revolves around the story of father and son hunting for precious minerals on this planet and bringing back to earth. However, it is not just them who go looking for these metals, bandits are hunting for the minerals they have mined.
Mulan
Mulan.jpg
Action
Niki Caro
95
27/3/2020
Mulan instead of father commanded soldiers, glory returned. Ten years after Nhu Nhien once again invaded the border, Moc Lan resolutely returned to the battlefield. Because of rescuing Bat Ngao Waterfall, Mulan fell into enemy hands. While in detention, Mulan saw through the devils of Khon Bang. Khon Bang killed Dai Han and then charged for Mulan.
Closet Monster
ClosetMonster.jpg
Fantasy
Stephen Dunn
90
27/5/2016
Closet Monster tells the story of Oscar, an energetic and creative teenager desperately wanting to escape his homeland with chaotic childhood memories. The first unexplained vibrations, daring to face reality, as well as the prohibition from the family, pushed Oscar into depression and loneliness. The process of struggling to love and be true to yourself is not an easy thing for Oscar.
From Up On Poppy Hill
FromUpOnPoppyHill.jpg
Animation
Goro Miyazaki
91
16/7/2011
The film tells the story of a young girl named Umi Matsuzaki - 16 years old. At Umi's high school, an old historic building is kept as a room for the culture club. In preparation for the upcoming Tokyo Olympics the city is demolishing old buildings to make way for new ones. A campaign is then started by a group of students who want to protect the houses. Umi becomes a member of the group against demolition and she meets Shun Kazama. Gradually, Umi and Shmi have feelings for each other. All problems arise when they know they can be siblings.
Ant-Man
Ant-Man.jpg
Action, Fantasy
Peyton Reed
117
24/7/2017
Ant-Man tells the story of a man named Scott Lang, able to shrink in size but increase power. This forced Scott Lang to take on the "hero" element in himself and help his mentor, Dr. Hank Pym, protect the secret behind the Ant-Man costume, escaping a terrible threat. Faced with enormous barriers, Scott Lang and Hank Pym must plan to complete a robbery to save the world.