Diary of our days at the breakwater
DiaryOfOurDaysAtTheBreakwater.jpg
Sport, Animation
Takaharu Okuma
7/4/2020
12
Hina Tsurugi has just moved to the country town of Ashiya, and she's eager to make new friends and indulge her favorite hobby: Crafting. Her plans take a turn for the briny, however, when she tries to rescue a local student from fainting on the docks, only to discover a passionate fisher preparing her morning catch. This is Kuroiwa, the older sister of Hina's childhood friend Natsumi, and she thinks a craft-capable girl like Hina would be the perfect fit for Umino High's Breakwater Club, which specializes in the arts of bait and tackle. There's just one problem: Hina is terrified of all manner of critter and sea-dweller, and has absolutely no interest in a fishing club. Kuroiwa and her friends aren't the type to give up on recruiting a new member, though, so Hina may just have to learn to find her inner fisherwoman and embrace a brand new hobby! Diary of Our Days at the Breakwater is based on a manga and can be found streaming on Funimation.
Outlander (Season 5)
Outlander(season5).jpg
Romantic, Historical fiction, Drama, Adventure, Fantasy
Ronald D.Moore
16/2/2020
12
Outlander is a historical drama television series based on the novel series of the same name by Diana Gabaldon.
Outlander (Season 1)
Outlander1(season1).jpg
Romantic, Historical fiction, Drama, Adventure, Fantasy
Ronald D.Moore
9/8/2014
16
In 1945, former World War II nurse Claire Randall and her husband Frank are visiting Inverness, Scotland, when she is carried from the standing stones at Craigh na Dun back in time to 1743. She falls in with a group of rebel Highlanders from Clan MacKenzie, who are being pursued by English redcoats led by Captain Jonathan "Black Jack" Randall, Frank's ancestor. She marries a Highlander, Jamie Fraser, out of necessity, but they quickly fall in love. The Clan suspect her of being a spy, and retain her as a healer, preventing her from attempting to return to her own time. Knowing that the Jacobite cause is doomed to fail, Claire tries to warn them against rebellion. Her husband Jamie is captured, tortured, and raped by the sadistic Randall, but Claire and his clansmen rescue him. Claire tells Jamie that she is pregnant and they set sail for France.
Outlander (Season 2)
Outlander2(season2).jpg
Romantic, Historical fiction, Drama, Adventure, Fantasy
Ronald D.Moore
9/8/2016
13
In Paris, Claire and Jamie try to thwart the Jacobites by subverting the funds that King Louis XV of France is likely to provide. Jamie becomes the confidante of Charles Stuart, but the Frasers fail to prevent the risings. Randall reappears in Paris, but Claire makes Jamie swear to keep him alive until Frank's descent is assured. She achieves this by convincing Randall to marry Mary Hawkins. Claire loses her baby, and she and Jamie return to Scotland. The Jacobites win the Battle of Prestonpans. Before the Battle of Culloden, Jamie convinces Claire, pregnant again, to return to the 20th century. Jamie decides to die fighting at Culloden with his clan. Back in her own century, Claire tells Frank about her time travel. He asks her to forget Jamie, and let him raise their child as his own. Twenty years later, Frank has died. Claire takes her daughter Brianna to Scotland. Claire discovers that Jamie did not die at Culloden, and vows to return to him.